Update documentation to improve visibility and avoid duplicates with Grafana documentation (#277)
grafana/grafana-image-renderer: README.md

However, [Chromium browser](https://www.chromium.org/) depends on certain libraries and if you don't have all of those libraries installed in your
system you may encounter errors when trying to render an image. For further details and troubleshooting help, please refer to

> [Grafana Image Rendering documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/image_rendering/).

Author: ```suggestion
[Grafana Image Rendering documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/image-rendering/).
```

> ### Memory requirements

Author: The top section is already "Requirements", you can't see it in the PR review tab as it already existed and I didn't make any change to this top section. You can see it here: https://github.com/grafana/grafana-image-renderer#requirements

Minimum free memory recommendation is 16GB on the system doing the rendering.

Rendering images can require a lot of memory, mainly because Grafana creates browser instances in the background for the actual rendering. If multiple images are rendered in parallel, then the rendering has a bigger memory footprint. One advantage of using the remote rendering service is that the rendering will be done on the remote system, so your local system resources will not be affected by rendering.

> ## Plugin installation

Author: Applied this with some updates as I had trouble understanding the last paragraph.

> ### Using grafana-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Grafana CLI
```

> ### Using grafana-cli

Author: Done, with an update to point to the recommended way to do it.

> ### Install in Grafana Docker image

Reviewer: Please remove note about Grafana v6.4, it is a very old version.

> ### Install in Grafana Docker image

Author: Done.

> This plugin is not compatible with the current Grafana Docker image without installing further system-level dependencies. We recommend setting up another Docker container for rendering and using remote rendering, see [Run in Docker](#run-in-docker) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is not compatible with the current Grafana Docker image and requires additional system-level dependencies. We recommend setting up another Docker container for rendering and using remote rendering instead. For instruction, refer to [Run in Docker](#run-in-docker). 
```

> If you still want to install the plugin in the Grafana docker image we provide instructions for how to build a custom Grafana image, see [Grafana Docker documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/installation/docker/#custom-image-with-grafana-image-renderer-plugin-pre-installed) for further instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still want to install the plugin with the Grafana Docker image, refer to the instructions on building a custom Grafana image in [Grafana Docker documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/installation/docker/#custom-image-with-grafana-image-renderer-plugin-pre-installed).
```

## Remote rendering service installation

> Requires an internet connection.

This plugin can also be run as a remote HTTP rendering service. In this setup, Grafana renders an image by making a HTTP request to the remote rendering service, which in turn renders the image and returns it back in the HTTP response to Grafana.

You can run the remote HTTP rendering service using Docker or as a standalone Node.js application.

### Run in Docker

> The docker images are published at [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/grafana-image-renderer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Docker images are published at [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/grafana-image-renderer).
```

> The following example shows how to run Grafana and the remote HTTP rendering service in two separate Docker containers using Docker Compose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how you can run Grafana and the remote HTTP rendering service in two separate Docker containers using Docker Compose.
```

> Create a `docker-compose.yml` with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `docker-compose.yml` with the following content:
```

```yaml
version: '2'

services:
  grafana:
    image: grafana/grafana:latest
    ports:
      - '3000:3000'
    environment:
      GF_RENDERING_SERVER_URL: http://renderer:8081/render
      GF_RENDERING_CALLBACK_URL: http://grafana:3000/
      GF_LOG_FILTERS: rendering:debug
  renderer:
    image: grafana/grafana-image-renderer:latest
    ports:
      - 8081
```

> And then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Next, run docker compose.
```

```bash
docker-compose up
```

### Run as standalone Node.js application

The following example describes how to build and run the remote HTTP rendering service as a standalone Node.js application and configure Grafana appropriately.

1. Clone the [Grafana image renderer plugin](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-image-renderer) Git repository.
1. Install dependencies and build:

   ```bash
   yarn install --pure-lockfile
   yarn run build
   ```

1. Run the server:

   ```bash
   node build/app.js server --port=8081
   ```

1. Update Grafana configuration:

   ```
   [rendering]
   server_url = http://localhost:8081/render
   callback_url = http://localhost:3000/
   ```

1. Restart Grafana.

## Configuration

For available configuration settings, please refer to [Grafana Image Rendering documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/image_rendering/#configuration).

## Troubleshooting

> For troubleshooting help, please refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For troubleshooting help, refer to
```
